It'll take you all your time and your money but honey, you'll survive.
Liar! Oh, nobody believes me. Liar! Why don't you leave me alone?
Don't you hear my call though you're many years away? Don't you hear me calling you?
The bell that rings inside your mind is challenging the doors of time. (It's a kind of magic).
She came without a farthing, babe without a name.
All dead, all dead. All the dreams we had and I wonder why I still live on.
Are you ready? Hey, are you ready for this? Are you hanging on the edge of your seat?
Hey, I'm gonna get you too. Another one bites the dust.
It's all so beautiful, like a landscape painting in the sky, yeah!
I don't believe in Peter Pan, Frankenstein or Superman.
You say Rolls, I say Royce. You say God, give me a choice! You say Lord, I say, Christ!
You and me. We are destined, you'll agree. To spend the rest of our lives with each other. The rest of our days like two lovers.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
Mama, just killed a man. Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead.
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow, carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters.
Mama, ooh. I don't wanna die. Sometimes wish I'd never been born at all.
I see a little silhouetto of a man. Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango?
Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me, for me, for me!
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye? So you think you can love me and leave me to die? Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby!
Nothing really matters, anyone can see. Nothing really matters. Nothing really matters to me. Any way the wind blows.
There goes my baby. She knows how to rock 'n' roll. She drives me crazy.
So dear friends your love is gone. Only tears to dwell upon.
Kill joy, bad guy, big talking, small fry. You're just an old barrow boy. Have you found a new toy to replace me, can you face me?
Tonight I'm gonna have myself a real good time, I feel alive.
I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva. I'm gonna go, go, go there's no stopping me.
Don't stop me now. I'm having such a good time. I'm having a ball.
Are you gonna take me home tonight?. Oh, down beside that red firelight?
Fat bottomed girls, you make the rockin' world go 'round.
Flick of the wrist and you're dead baby. Blow him a kiss and you're mad.
Friends will be friends. When you're in need of love, they give you care and attention.
Come on and sit on my hot seat of love. And tell me how do you feel right after all.
Write my letter, feel much better. I'll use my fancy patter on the telephone.
I can't live with you but I can't live without you.
I'm in love with my car. Got to feel for my automobile.
Through the sorrow, all through our splendor. Don't take offense at my innuendo.
Show yourself, destroy our fears, release your mask.
I don't want my freedom. There's no reason for living with a broken heart.
I fell in love but now you say it's over and I'm falling apart.
I've fallen in love for the first time. And this time I know it's for real.
I was born to love you with every single beat of my heart.
"Let them eat cake," she says. Just like Marie Antoinette.
She's a Killer Queen. Gunpowder, gelatin, dynamite with a laser beam. Guaranteed to blow your mind.
Las palabras de amor. Let me hear the words of love.
Ladies and gentlemen. I would like to say hello. Are you ready for some entertainment? Are you ready for a show?
Love of my life, you've hurt me. You've broken my heart, and now you leave me.
Don't you misfire. Fill me up with the desire to carry on.
All I want is the comfort and care. Just to know that my woman gives me sweet mother love.
My baby left me for somebody new. I don't wanna talk about it. Want to forget about it. Wanna be intoxicated with that special brew.
One man, one man. One bar, one night. One day, hey, hey. Just gimme, gimme, gimme...fried chicken!
It's so easy when you know the rules. It's so easy, all you have to do is fall in love.
And everything I had to know. I heard it on my radio.
Radio, someone still loves you.
Save me, save me, save me. I can't face this life alone.
Well you're just 17 all you want to do is disappear. You know what I mean, there's a lot of space between our ears.
Can anybody find me somebody to love?
Spread your wings and fly away. Fly away, far away.
Teo Torriate konomama iko. Aisuruhito yo. Shizukana yoi ni. Hikario tomoshi. Itoshiki oshieo idaki.
You can't turn back the clock. You can't turn back the tide, ain't that a shame?
The show must go on. Inside my heart is breaking. My makeup may be flaking but my smile, still, stays on.
My soul is painted like the wings of butterflies. Fairy tales of yesterday, grow but never die. I can fly, my friends.
Tie your mother down, tie your mother down. Lock your daddy out of doors, I don't need him nosing around.
This is our last dance.
Can't we give ourselves one more chance? Why can't we give love that one more chance? Why can't we give love, give love...
We are the champions, my friends. And we'll keep on fighting till the end.
We will, we will rock you.
Who wants to live forever?
Ooh, you make me live now, honey.
Look into my eyes and you'll see. I'm the only one. You've captured my love, stolen my heart, changed my life.